What's that big sigh for?
You should talk about, what?
What came up as your science for? Like muh
Unipop popcorn in the microwave?
dream..
Why is it such a skillet?
I can make pancakes. I can make pancake mix.
He's my second period and I don't I don't do anything in his class
Yeah, I don't pay attention.
yeah
Ah well, I'll ask him tomorrow.
Yeah, and then, right
It may be***
I wouldn't snitch. No one will snitch in my my class.
Guys are, guys are just added in class
Oh, no, because like in my my physics class, we play poker.
He has Pocahontas. Yeah, he has that the whole set.
And he gives a poker poker chest when he notices we're playing.
Is it the best at poker? Um, it depends.
I just bet whenever I can. But initially it's ***
Huh? Yeah. It's okay
What do you mean crash ahw
I don't ditch class, I just don't pay attention
And I did decent on this test, so it's not a big deal.
No, It is all, See if I had like a market
I would do anything else. But it's sad. So, I don't think.
I don't think there's a pair of you that's crazy physics.
Oh yeah, maybe I shouldn't do I shouldn't do AP Physics.
Yeah, okay.
But, but I don't think I'm gonna die I don't want to kill myself like
Uhm?
PC no? cuz
The thing is um, I'm going to do, I'm going to do AB, right?
and then
If I really want to, I can just go further in college if I want to do math.
Right?, so AB
And then I'm gonna do J4 because I have AP resource
Right? And then I have, what's my other AP's? um..
AP pair, so that's what we use AP. Why do you want to do more?
If I do Japanese I'll have 4AP's
you
mmm....
Yeah, no, I'm good.
It's a little bit more than that. We actually have to do a whole study by ourselves.
Like, yeah..
It's a study. We do our own study. We have a thesis.
And then we go out, figure out what our result is.
and then we write a paper about it. It is actually a research class.
Research?
No, it's not. It's it's probably harder than seminar.
Because for seminar, all you have to do is look at other people's research.
and then write like an analysis of it um and then come to like a conclusion.
But for research, you actually had to do research like,
You're the one conducting a research experiment.
huh?
You have luck sure, it's like they got a teacher they have to do, like staff.
I want to do research next year. I don't know.
Because um, it's probably similar to similar to seminar.
but just more in depth. Just
Who wants to look down haha and look at your credit card?
Okay. so, huh huh
Huh huh huh huh
So research I think is probably harder than seminar, and
Yeah. May be why? We're doing a whole research experiment!
There is an exam! There's probably an exam!
I don't know. It's an AP class. This is most likely an AP test.
Oh true. No, oh, So for any research, they're probably going to make us do
A a presentation, a report, and then we're going to answer a bunch of their questions.
No, I'm not going to do come science
Not big questions. They'll probably ask an specific questions.
Like, it's a live questionnaire. It's like, they were they were recording you. It's a same-paper seminar.
Um where after our presentation we start and they ask us questions and it's like